Jehovah, I'm so sorry. Yeah. Can you ever forgive me? What Manasseh did was shocking,
but was he a lost cause? Was he beyond hope? Let's read 2 Chronicles chapter 33 verse 12,
and as soon as he calls him to stress, he softened the face of Jehovah his God. Jehovah for
gave Manasseh. What can we learn from that? When a person sends even seriously and shows true
repentance by abandoning his wrong cause and making every effort to do what is right, he's not a
lost cause. He's not beyond hope. I'm a loving God, Jehovah, will forgive him in a large way.
Because by tomorrow night we should be in the clear. We'll have the complete forecast with all the
details for you right after sports. Well, looks like we're going to be working indoors one more day.
Better get to bed. Well, don't forget, honey, trash pickup is tomorrow. That's right. I missed you so much.
I'm so sorry. I please come home.